[en]: update storage/hwameistor/faqs (#5516)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/storage/hwameistor/faqs.md

---
MTPE: WANG0608GitHub
Date: 2024-09-10
hide:
  - toc
---

# FAQs

This page lists some questions, answers, and solutions that may arise during the use of HwameiStor local storage.

## How does the HwameiStor scheduler work in the Kubernetes platform?

The HwameiStor scheduler is deployed as a pod in the HwameiStor namespace.

![img](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/storage/hwameistor/img/clip_image002.png)

When an application (Deployment or StatefulSet) is created, the pods of the application are automatically deployed
to worker nodes that have been configured with HwameiStor local storage capability.

> ## How does HwameiStor handle scheduling for applications with multiple replicas? How is it different from traditional shared storage?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does HwameiStor handle scheduling for applications with multiple replicas?

Some users may want to understand the scheduling methods used for applications with replicas and how they differ from traditional shared storage systems.
```
英文这个 heading 太长了，要想想办法

HwameiStor recommends using StatefulSet for applications with multiple replicas.

StatefulSet deploys the replicated replicas to the same worker node, but creates a proper PV volume for each pod
replica. If you need to deploy replicas to different nodes to distribute the workload, you need to manually configure using `podaffinity` .

![img](https://docs.daocloud.io/daocloud-docs-images/docs/storage/hwameistor/img/clip_image004.png)

> Deployment cannot share Block volumes, so it is recommended to use a single replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment cannot share block volumes, so it is recommended to use a single replica.
```
这个首字母没必要大写
